DOCS-12133-added-classifier-values (#557)
mulesoft/docs-runtime-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/anypoint-platform-cli-commands.adoc

* `policy`
* `app`
* `extension`
* `external-library`

> If it is uploaded, the type is inferred from the classifier of the file.

Reviewer: Please clarify to what "it" refers: the type? the classifier? Something else?

Depending on the type of asset, some possible classifier values are:

* REST API

> ** `oas`  (with `zip`, `yaml` or `json` as packaging)

Reviewer: Oxford comma:
```suggestion
** `oas`  (with `zip`, `yaml`, or `json` as packaging)
```

** `raml` (with `zip` or `raml` as packaging)
* RAML Fragment
** `raml-fragment` (with `zip` or `raml` as packaging)
* SOAP API

> ** `wsdl` (with `zip`, `wsld` or `xml` as packaging)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** `wsdl` (with `zip`, `wsld`, or `xml` as packaging)
```

* Custom
** `custom`
* Application
** `mule-application` (with `jar` as packaging)
* Policy
** `mule-policy` (with `jar` as packaging) + `policy-definition` (with `yaml` as packaging)
* Example

> ** `mule-application-exampl`' (with `jar` as packaging)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
** `mule-application-example`' (with `jar` as packaging)
```

> ** `mule-application-example`' (with `jar` as packaging)

Reviewer: extra character?
```suggestion
** `mule-application-example` (with `jar` as packaging)
```

`groupID:assetID:version,groupID2:assetID:version` |
|===

=== exchange asset mutableDataUpload

----
> exchange asset mutableDataUpload [properties] <assetIdentifier>
----

This command modifies the mutable data of an already created asset, including tags, categories, fields, and documentation.

> Use the following format for the _assetIdentifier_ argument:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the following format for the `_assetIdentifier_` argument:
```

`[_<groupID>_]/_<assetID>_/_<version>_`

> If _group_id_ is not specified, it defaults to the currently selected organization ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `_group_id_ `is not specified, the value for this argument defaults to the currently selected organization ID.
```
